this post is hailed and warm
welcome to another comes up
my channel in the background you one
gameplay with currently 25 on the map
maker and in the game mode multi team
order I have the time 25
with fast magazine creates the
volksbank as well as rest hardliner
plunderer and toughness then i had
cup still feels and the c4
yes I have here without the third work
So played without the third perks
I really like lotto that way
Well , I have a gameplay with that
index dance and the fx rice played on
Everybody needs very very correct people
It is definitely said that way and yes
I may today for the first part
Welcome to this new series here nuclear
with the assault rifle I call that and yes
maybe you can do that behind yet
spread to the mps and so on
then we will see everything
In any case, yes , today is happy
So talk about it again so now
So precedes what is now pointing to
my channel will come
or how I do that with the
want to do series because I want now
actually on my channel first
really just cod that means something
is called uncharted for the first time
probably not bring more
simply for the reason is me
no fun anymore people when i am
Videos to all seen by uncharted
I thought that makes me
Playstation plays immediately then starts
that will be cool and now so I see
uncharted gameplay souvenir under it
you can already commentary
do not answer anymore because that's uncharted
Gameplay then I do that
Gameplay mostly gone and just listen to me
the things at the respective comment
says
only the comments of june from
uncharted but is also another
Thing
that is why in any case only black
ops what will eventually happen
turn something to commented
but that will probably come first
I will not be like that, of course
Something else because a series can
Of course not enough when you are
really only bring cod first
no, there must be something else and we have to
now have a team of four from the
impact clear found something on everyone
play case competitive and yes we
we'll pull that off
17h competitive tonight
start because he's the new season
starts and we want so stop me
will make a new series road to
Master wrestling will not be that hard
his boys thought they had that
ever done and then we want
maybe still top 20 come that
then it gets a bit heavier
yes that's such a small thing at the
love cookies has also made it believable
I do not know if that's still going on
I think in any case a horny
cause because there are far too few
competitive gaming on youtube resp
so in German
That's why we just wanted that
make a go is definitely a whole
cool thing because league actually makes
always bock that is always cool
and yes , we definitely have it
then that will be the impact xrs of the
impact ex-prince
and in the bag and I will that
be there then play together
I'll play it afterwards
I then afterwards from the cinema mode
filming but we are the way
already comment live
so very easy that's not synonymous
I can play you
now already explained more memorial
not a problem
and then I will give you each one
case the classification games and upload
then after that, play the relative
So, I'm interesting
Just run scalp recorder
I'll leave that behind anyway
also in the cinema mode must film then
is that I believe no problem
again something to the gameplay one sees
Of course, no good opponents for it
is it a weapon, what is it?
become a 740 quite a lot or 49 becomes
In any case, the title is here
already nuclear I have that before
of course cut out because that was
right there nothing happened you have to
I see them here right now
optical advantages here too , we too
have been directly the next editions
that really hits and blows
it was probably now
a bit delayed that I said
i do not care about the nuclear here
You know sometimes when you go to
commented then it is not quite
No reason is right here with us
luckily and yes it all works i have
I pop right now with cod
to start both I'm in
moment for the play because of the
plan and all that packs in any case
right and i would say if you
the video liked then goes the
thumbs up, I hope we can do it today
times 150 likes for the gameplay but that
is quite a new gameplay find
So I think yes 150 lexware
definitely cool
So we can do the chip meyer
and I still have the song of
beginning to end
so party
the therapist
ddp
more
for both would have been the game
the researcher
the chance
on strike